msal-react alpha.0 (#2540)
AzureAD/microsoft-authentication-library-for-js: lib/msal-react/README.md

# Microsoft Authentication Library for React (msal-react)

`msal-react` is under development. **We do not recommend using this in a production environment yet**.

| [AAD Docs](https://aka.ms/aaddevv2) | [Support](README.md#community-help-and-support) | [Samples](https://github.com/AzureAD/microsoft-authentication-library-for-js/tree/dev/samples)
| --- | --- | --- |

1. [About](#about)
1. [FAQ](https://github.com/AzureAD/microsoft-authentication-library-for-js/blob/dev/lib/msal-browser/FAQ.md)
1. [Prerequisites](#prerequisites)
1. [Installation](#installation)

> 1. [Getting Started](#https://github.com/AzureAD/microsoft-authentication-library-for-js/blob/dev/lib/msal-react/docs/getting-started.md)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. [Getting Started](https://github.com/AzureAD/microsoft-authentication-library-for-js/blob/dev/lib/msal-react/docs/getting-started.md)
```

1. [Prerequisites](#prerequisites)
1. [Installation](#installation)
1. [Getting Started](https://github.com/AzureAD/microsoft-authentication-library-for-js/blob/dev/lib/msal-react/docs/getting-started.md)
1. [Samples](https://github.com/AzureAD/microsoft-authentication-library-for-js/tree/dev/samples/msal-react-samples)
1. [Build and Test](#build-and-test)
1. [Security Reporting](#security-reporting)
1. [License](#license)
1. [Code of Conduct](#we-value-and-adhere-to-the-microsoft-open-source-code-of-conduct)

## About

The MSAL library for JavaScript enables client-side JavaScript applications to authenticate users using [Azure AD](https://docs.microsoft.com/azure/active-directory/develop/v2-overview) work and school accounts (AAD), Microsoft personal accounts (MSA) and social identity providers like Facebook, Google, LinkedIn, Microsoft accounts, etc. through [Azure AD B2C](https://docs.microsoft.com/azure/active-directory-b2c/active-directory-b2c-overview#identity-providers) service. It also enables your app to get tokens to access [Microsoft Cloud](https://www.microsoft.com/enterprise) services such as [Microsoft Graph](https://graph.microsoft.io).

> The `@azure/msal-react` package described by the code in this folder uses the [`@azure/msal-browser` package](https://github.com/AzureAD/microsoft-authentication-library-for-js/tree/dev/lib/msal-browser) as a peer dependency to enable authentication in Javascript Single-Page Applications without backend servers. This version of the library uses the OAuth 2.0 Authorization Code Flow with PKCE. To read more about this protocol, as well as the differences between implicit flow and authorization code flow, see the section [below](#implicit-flow-vs-authorization-code-flow-with-pkce).

Author: ```suggestion
The `@azure/msal-react` package described by the code in this folder uses the [`@azure/msal-browser` package](https://github.com/AzureAD/microsoft-authentication-library-for-js/tree/dev/lib/msal-browser) as a peer dependency to enable authentication in Javascript Single-Page Applications without backend servers. This version of the library uses the OAuth 2.0 Authorization Code Flow with PKCE. To read more about this protocol, as well as the differences between implicit flow and authorization code flow, see the section in the [msal-browser readme](https://github.com/AzureAD/microsoft-authentication-library-for-js/blob/dev/lib/msal-browser/README.md#implicit-flow-vs-authorization-code-flow-with-pkce).
```
